Start in Operations and look down the sidebar.
p02
The whole module is laid out in three groups.
p03
Maintenance sits at the top, then Incident Reports, then the Scheduler pages.
p04
We are in Maintenance, where five entries stack together.
p05
The first is Issues, the work-order list you already know.
p06
The four below it are the planned side of upkeep,
p07
the routines and gear and parts that sit behind every ticket.
p08
That set is today's tour.
p09
Click Maintenance Schedule.
p10
This is the planned side of upkeep.
p11
Forty two recurring tasks live on this calendar, six due this week and two already overdue.
p12
Each row is a job that repeats:
p13
lubricate the conveyor chain weekly, inspect the chemical pumps once a month.
p14
The column a manager reads first is Next Due,
p15
because it names the service that is coming before anything breaks.
p16
Now Equipment Registry.
p17
Every machine a work order points back to.
p18
This tenant carries four assets:
p19
a blower system, a chemical pump array, the main tunnel conveyor, and a point of sale terminal.
p20
Three are operational and one sits in repair.
p21
When a caller says the air dryer is down,
p22
this page names the exact unit, places it at its site, and shows whether it is already flagged.
p23
Open Checklists.
p24
These are the fixed steps a tech follows so nothing gets skipped on a busy day.
p25
Daily opening and closing walks, a weekly safety inspection, a monthly deep clean.
p26
The completion column shows how faithfully each one gets done,
p27
and the average sits at ninety four percent.
p28
One caution.
p29
This is not the Lube Checklists page over in Hardware settings.
p30
Different place, different job.
p31
Last one. Parts and Supplies.
p32
The stock a repair pulls from.
p33
Drive belts, pump seal kits, dryer filters, a spare power supply.
p34
A hundred forty two parts, about eighteen thousand dollars sitting on the shelf.
p35
Read quantity on hand against the reorder point
p36
and you can answer a do we have it call in seconds.
p37
And keep it straight from Chemicals and Supplies over in Inventory;
p38
that page is wash chemistry and retail goods, this one is upkeep.
p39
So, the map.
p40
Four live pages under Maintenance, right beside Issues.
p41
A recurring job lands on the Schedule, and Next Due says when.
p42
A question about a machine goes to the Registry.
p43
The steps a tech follows are the Checklists.
p44
The parts a repair burns through are Parts and Supplies.
p45
One habit before you go.
p46
Reach these pages from the sidebar inside Operations,
p47
because typing an address straight into the browser still fails.
p48
The sidebar is the front door.